README.md, before:

# Airflow Dockerfile
Circle CI : [![](https://circleci.com/gh/puckel/docker-airflow.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/puckel/docker-airflow)

This repository contains **Dockerfile** of [airflow](https://github.com/airbnb/airflow) for [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)'s [automated build](https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/puckel/docker-airflow/) published to the public [Docker Hub Registry](https://registry.hub.docker.com/).

## Informations

* Based on Debian Jessie official Image [debian:jessie](https://registry.hub.docker.com/_/debian/)
* Install [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
* Install [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
* Following the Airflow release from [Python Package Index](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/airflow)

## Installation

        docker pull puckel/docker-airflow

## Build

For example, if you need to install [Extra Packages](http://pythonhosted.org/airflow/installation.html#extra-package), edit the Dockerfile and than build-it.

        docker build --rm -t puckel/docker-airflow .

# Usage

Start the stack (mysql, rabbitmq, airflow-webserver, airflow-scheduler airflow-flower & airflow-worker) :

        docker-compose up -d

If you want to use Ad hoc query, make sure you've configured connections :
Go to Admin -> Connections and Edit "mysql_default" set this values (equivalent to values in airflow.cfg/docker-compose.yml) :
- Host : mysql
- Schema : airflow
- Login : airflow
- Password : airflow

Check [Airflow Documentation](http://pythonhosted.org/airflow/)

## UI Links

- Airflow: [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080/)
- Flower: [localhost:5555](http://localhost:5555/)
- RabbitMQ: [localhost:15672](http://localhost:15672/)

(with boot2docker, use: open http://$(boot2docker ip):8080)


## Run the test "tutorial"

        docker exec dockerairflow_webserver_1 airflow backfill tutorial -s 2015-05-01 -e 2015-06-01

# Wanna help?

Fork, improve and PR. ;-)

Commit message:

Build Airflow from the private repository

README.md, after:

# Airflow Dockerfile
Circle CI : [![](https://circleci.com/gh/puckel/docker-airflow.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/puckel/docker-airflow)

This repository contains **Dockerfile** of [airflow](https://github.com/airbnb/airflow) for [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)'s [automated build](https://registry.hub.docker.com/u/puckel/docker-airflow/) published to the public [Docker Hub Registry](https://registry.hub.docker.com/).

## Informations

* Based on Debian Jessie official Image [debian:jessie](https://registry.hub.docker.com/_/debian/)
* Install [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
* Install [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
* Following the Airflow release from [Python Package Index](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/airflow)

## Installation

    docker pull trnl/docker-airflow

## Build

For example, if you need to install [Extra Packages](http://pythonhosted.org/airflow/installation.html#extra-package), edit the Dockerfile and than build-it.

    docker build --rm -t trnl/docker-airflow .
        
**NOTE**: Airflow is installed from the **private** [airflow-core](https://github.com/LibertyGlobal/airflow-core) repository.
To build Docker image make sure you have ssh access to this private repository.
Before building the image copy your private ssh key into current repository (it will be used to
install the **airflow-core** repository).

    cp ~/.ssh/id_rsa <curr_repo_path>

Private ssh key is removed automatically upon a successful image build.

# Usage

Start the stack (mysql, rabbitmq, airflow-webserver, airflow-scheduler airflow-flower & airflow-worker) :

    docker-compose up -d

If you want to use Ad hoc query, make sure you've configured connections :
Go to Admin -> Connections and Edit "mysql_default" set this values (equivalent to values in airflow.cfg/docker-compose.yml) :
- Host : mysql
- Schema : airflow
- Login : airflow
- Password : airflow

Check [Airflow Documentation](http://pythonhosted.org/airflow/)

## UI Links

- Airflow: [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080/)
- Flower: [localhost:5555](http://localhost:5555/)
- RabbitMQ: [localhost:15672](http://localhost:15672/)

(with boot2docker, use: open http://$(boot2docker ip):8080)


## Run the test "tutorial"

    docker exec dockerairflow_webserver_1 airflow backfill tutorial -s 2015-05-01 -e 2015-06-01

# Wanna help?

Fork, improve and PR. ;-)
